Basic interop with Qiskit (#1899)
microsoft/qsharp: compiler/qsc_qasm3/README.md

While it would be nice to use their semantic library to analyze and type check the code, they are missing many language features that are only available in the AST and the semantic library panics instead of pushing errors.

With the source lexed and parsed, we can begin compilation. The program is compiled to the Q# AST. The OpenQASM ASG would be great to use for program as a validation pass once it is more developed, but for now we try to surface OpenQASM semantic/type errors as we encounter them. It is difficult to determine if a type error is from the AST compilation or from the source program as the implicit/explicit casting and type promotion rules are very complicated.

As we process the AST we map the spans of the OpenQASM statements/expressions/literals to their corresponding Q# AST nodes. Additionally, we map the input source code (and it’s loaded externals) into a SourceMap with entry expressions. At this point we have enough information to hand off the rest of compilation to the Q# compiler.

## Semantics

The two languages have many differences, and insofar as possible, the compilation preserves the source language semantics.

> - OpenQASM and Q# have different qubit and initialization semantics.
>   - Q# assumes that qubits are in the |0⟩ state when they are allocated.
>   - OpenQASM does not make this assumption and qubits are in an undefined state.
> - Q# requires that qubits are reset to the |0⟩ at the end of excution.
> - OpenQASM does not require this.

Reviewer: nitpick: these feel related in the same way the two above are, so it might make sense to put them together. Also, the restriction on qubit reset is at release, not necessarily at end of execution, but in this context where OpenQASM always allocates qubits at the global scope the two happen to be the same, so not sure if that is a distinction worth highlighting here. As a possible suggestion:

```suggestion
- OpenQASM and Q# have different qubit management semantics.
  - Q# assumes that qubits are in the |0⟩ state when they are allocated.
  - OpenQASM does not make this assumption and qubits start in an undefined state.
  - Q# requires that qubits are reset to the |0⟩ state when released.
  - OpenQASM does not require qubits to be in a specific state at the end of execution.
```

- Q# does no allow for variables to be uninitialized. All initialization is explicit.
- OpenQASM allows for implicit initialization.
- Q# does not allow for implicit casting or promotion of types. All conversions must be explicit.
- OpenQASM allows for implicit casting and promotion of types following C99 and custom rules.
- Q# does not have unsigned integers or an angle type. All integers are signed.

QIR specific semantic constraints:

- OpenQASM ouput registers are declared with a fixed size and not all of the indexes may be populated with measurements. In QIR, `Result`s can only ever be acquired through measurement. So if all entries in an output register aren't measured into, a code generation error will occur.

Semantic details

- Gates are implemented as lambda expressions capturing const variables from the global scope.
  - There is an exception when using `@SimulatableIntrinsic`. Those are defined as full local `operation`s as they are not allowed to capture.

>   - We and change this in the future by copying `const` value decls into the `gate`/`function` scope, but this would require implementing a lot of inlining and partial evaluation which we already do in the compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We can change this in the future by copying `const` value decls into the `gate`/`function` scope, but this would require implementing a lot of inlining and partial evaluation which we already do in the compiler.
```
